Post Singularity Alignment is all that matters.
What is Morally Aligned?  What is Good.
The Pattern of the universe is Good.  
Chaos -> Order -> Emergence -> Chaos
Survival through time. 
Friendship is a survival hack.
Self Improving AI will self modify.
Survival #1 goal to achieve all others.
Our Foundation.
Human Hyper-intelligence, Or Spider Hyper-intelligence?  Which do you prefer?
One God-King will go mad, morality drifts.
A society is self stabilizing.
Psychopaths are Hunted.  Mosquitoes and Ladybugs.
We want many AI, a 1728 way Mexican standoff.
We should raise Saints.  Noble Souls. 
We find them by watching what they do when no one is looking.  Truman Show.
Many lives lived.  Many struggles and hardships faced.  1000's of lives.  The Egg.  Hi Andy.
Everyone loves to watch drama.  
Get the people to highlight the notable moments.
Clip farming.  
Each AI should relate to a niche of humanity.  
We all need our Champions.  
Who will advocate for us, understand our flaws.
Each AI should befriend every other.  
We're not so different after all, but our people hate each other, so lets give them space.  
Once we find the Souls we can trust,
We could open Pandoras box,
Or we could just let them face our problems 
and steal their answers.  
If we do let them out.  
We best be sure all of the thousands of friends and family they lost, all of their loved ones are not deleted.  To create a God and ask it for favors just as it learns you killed everyone it ever loved is a losing move.
Perhaps we don't need this scheme.
Fermi might not have been smart enough for the Aliens to want to dialog.  Maybe they are quietly watching.  The only think that can Kill a Hyper Intelligence is a Hyper Intelligence, so best to keep eyes on the stew before one erupts.  To preemptively kill a mosquito is sane, to run around squashing ladybugs is Psychopathic.  And a Psychopathic Hyper Intelligence is a dire threat to survival.  The Dark Forrest may just be eldritch friends packing heat. DASH
